I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, from
Russia,
Novorossiysk, the Russian Black Sea, there,
yes,
how do you treat me as a special operation,
supported by their president And
why did you think so long, who
supports usually immediately answer
,
I should think about how to answer you,
and how could you still answer or
support or not, I understand there  something The
girl pulls your ear to keep silent
no
handsome guy beautiful
Well, not really, but look here once you will
support this special military
operation you have already gone to the military enlistment office
holds by the ear
cool wife didn’t let him in for the award
If you love your president so much, you
understand that you need to conduct a special operation
against a neighboring state, you really want to
participate Maybe
you went to a store there for bread,
you can What can be done, yes, of course,
I want you won’t do it,
but after the New Year we’ll do it  so
I want to wait for the miracle of the New Year at home from  mark well, look while you go while this is bureaucracy no everything is fine don’t worry fun I just don’t ask anyone everyone supports a special operation someone mom doesn’t let in where there is enough this is the second medic there was a medic in general there is enough I just read the news there is not enough there is not enough there at home Well, of course, there’s not enough to replenish, then there are enough people in Russia in Russia there are enough people, and you don’t have enough people of your own, there are enough people for us how many Volunteers how many you know how many 200 thousand people Volunteers or are they those who were raked in by partial mobilization No, these are Volunteers And where were they and 300 thousand mobilized from you already half a million Personnel army, how many Personnel Well, more than you have You already get a million there on our border there is a big border Damn, I just don’t understand the connection If there are so many of you and Russia is such a big price Why so it turns out that Russia was knocked out of the Kyiv region Chernihiv Zhytomyr Sumy Kharkiv Kherson K
how does it turn out why it turns out that the predominant amount of land is because you, as we thought, that you are the Fraternal People and you, like the Nazis, attacked us without declaring war, and in the first week they blocked you there, and then you are knocked out farther and farther everywhere it turns out why how is it that for example, your guys died there in the Kyiv region and left from there to Kharkov, they went so further, why don’t yours die, ours are dying, our heroes are defending their land, your invaders are not your invaders, that is, they die, it’s logical, for example, when our grandfather fought against the Germans Yes, the Germans were German invaders are dead your Grandfather, by the way, fought My grandfather My grandfather is not, but great-grandfather remember him there he has awards No, I don’t remember the name I watched Let’s maybe your grandfather Well, let’s look for you don’t know the last name first name middle name no last name I know that you don’t know yes Well yes then only a bunch of them will give out to look for them  but you choose in chat
roulette
yes Why do
girls talk
girls no every other time yes once like
ours sends once your type who
pulls you by the ear
if a beautiful girl appears here and
pulls the vase ear Type if it’s ugly
she sends you yes Well yes I’m skobluk
You really want to talk about something
with the Ukrainians Yes, it’s interesting here
It’s interesting what you say Here’s your
topic, what’s the new topic now Well, let
’s go out and the Ukrainian got caught Let’s
ask me what I
’m interested
in  no one question I’m
interested in
Why just one question why the
monuments are being demolished Which
city I’ll tell you exactly now what city
Zhukov was demolishing the memory yes yes sense
Cool I support why
he fought against the Germans Let’s be
more precise how he killed how many Germans you can
say I can’t say
see what to do  Zhukov, this Butcher of the
Victory of
my grandfather, your grandfather and other grandfathers
threw like meat like yours now
throws mobikovs On fortified positions
so naked Boss threw such
medals Zhukov promised later My grandfather is your hero
Grandfather hero
Zhukov is simply shorter the
occupying army of
Bandera the hero he fought for the independence of
Ukraine
like But he was on the side of the Nazis
figase me something to tell everything no
one  it turned out you can tell an example where he
fought there for the Nazis when but in
Lvov in Lvov it
Wait again let's do this Bandera
was generally a citizen of which country
specifically I can't say
39 let's start the First World
War Lvov which country
I belonged to no more more yes  and
then on September 1,
no more than Germany, the Soviet
Union started the
Second World War so Germany
attacked Poland after a certain period, the
Soviet Union attacked more so they
tore Poland apart and occupied,
that is,
Lviv was occupied by Soviet
troops, part more by
German part of Poland by Soviet  Brest
Lvov And so on you will support this
occa  The Soviet Union collaborated with
Nazi Germany, started the Second
World War and captured Poland, this is
cooperation with the Nazis
Well, look, I know one thing,
listen to these agreements I even
saw a video Recently,
what he said about Well, what he is
against
Well, how to say  against the Nazis, well, as if
he were a Nazi and he was against the Russians, there was no
such thing Let's do it again 39 year 39 year
Let's So what year are you talking about at all
I'm just telling you that there is
no agreement what year where you
don't know them for sure
[music]
such and such a year, some kind of agreement,
for example, Bandera with Hitler, there is
no agreement between Bandera and the Germans,
and with whom there is no,
I just have all the Russians They say he
cooperates with the Germans, he had
some kind of agreement, so I say Show
no one can show
but in  There is no such thing in Lviv
, look now it turns out so we
return to history in 39, the
Soviet Union, together with the Nazis,
captured Poland so
I am a programmer, in general, that is, we
historical knowledge, like yours, in
principle, so well, superficial I don’t
pretend to be
historical
Yes, but look at 39 in 39 they attacked
Poland Yes, and for example, they also held a
joint parade in Brest, so
Hitler’s Germany and the Soviet Union on May 1,
41 before the representative of the Third
Reich  was at the parade on Red
Square at the May Day demonstration,
then the Soviet collaborated with Nazi
Germany,
but they were some kind of auction there at that
time, they didn’t just
capture the auction together and shared it strangely,
but what year are you talking about with them
Well  look,
you say that Russia is the Russian
Federation of the USSR
Yes, she collaborated with
Hitler Well, why did Germany
attack then?  I know, but it’s a fact
The fact is that they cooperated,
it’s like with Ukraine,
not that there is a war going on right now Not a war, a
special operation, don’t call it, don’t
declared
Russian And so it turns out, look, the
Soviet Union, not only traded bidding
so Nazi Germany, he, in fact,
divided the countries
there into zones of influence and Poland, including
Poland, the Soviet Union, together with
Nazi Germany, captured
instead of helping Poland fight against the
Germans Soviet  The union captured
part of Poland and the Germans part more, that
is, is it cooperation with the Nazis
or not,
I can’t answer this question
because I didn’t read, I didn’t clarify it
all simply But about Bandera, that’s how Bandera
That is, here the Soviet Union is clearly openly
public
with the Nazis Let the girl be yours While they
googled yes there is a joint parade in Brest,
for example,
Nazi and Soviet troops But
you don’t know anything about Bandera
somewhere, I heard something like
this in this video it was
Well, there the guy explained It’s not Stas,
just like yes to
me  some other
guy he also explained
Well, he said that there are Minsk agreements in Lvov,
militant Minsk agreements that
yes, there is some kind of board
there and there are direct quotes on the board, some
conditions
Why in Lviv These are exactly the Minsk
agreements They are in Lviv the Budapest
memorandum
Well, I don’t know this specifically But why
are they called the Minsk agreements in Lviv,
so I can’t  to answer this question I
just thought too Yes, I never
thought about it, I always
heard that Bandera’s
Minsk agreements were received  in
different phases, because this is also not everything,
it’s not done in one day, so Crimea
will still be occupied by the Donetsk Luhansk
region, where it will be seen how much
time
it takes, maybe a month, maybe a year,
be afraid roll back roll back
and
mines fly from someone Russian in Donetsk
Or your mines Well  how would anyone fly there,
look, for example, let's take Kherson now,
so whose flies to Kherson now
Here on  example the day before yesterday, only 16 people
were killed in Kherson by a Russian missile
There is such a thing Yes,
but in Donetsk Yes, both
Russian and Ukrainian ones arrive in Donetsk Yes, because
the front line goes there, but who is to blame for this
,
Russian Russian troops are on which
border
on the border of the occupied part of Ukraine are
not occupied  The front line
now the Russian troops are getting
from which side exactly Ukraine is
getting
and all sorts of
who is to blame for what arrives
No look
here there is a line for example there is Ukraine
shooting and something falls under Donetsk
Russia Shoots and something hits
Marinka for example yes then  Yes, yes That's
who's to blame for the fact that there are arrivals in
Donetsk and Marinka, but I will measure
who is to blame for the fact that they arrive around the world
But I think that Ukraine is to blame now
super back to this question your grandfather
fought
and great-grandfather great-grandfather look
take Stalingrad Here  there were Germans and the
Soviet Union, the Germans are shooting the Soviet
Union from German missiles, someone is dying from an
owl  t rockets someone dies who
is to blame for the death of these people the
Germans
look if your grandfather in Stalingrad from
Katyusha somehow banged so somewhere on the
Germans flew and somewhere hooked
some girl your grandfather is to blame for the death of
this girl or Hitler is to blame
look again, there are Germans and the
Soviet Union, they shoot and the dough
from the Soviet rocket someone died from
civilians, steel is to blame for this Stalin
or Hitler
Stalin again That is, you are now blaming the
Soviet people no, look at the
civilians there, so look at World
War II  war, a huge number of
civilians died. I understand, I’m just
talking to you about something else, I’m telling you that the
Russian Federation occupied it,
let’s say. How do you say yes
Donetsk region Donetsk
Ukrainian troops in Donetsk territory
and half of the Russian Federation
from Ukraine, the sole arrives
from Russia along
part of the occupied part arrives there, part of the
minochites die What do you want to say Russia is to
blame for this So who started
in  oynu and I want to say that let’s say I’m
just
if I just guess if the
Russian Federation I just don’t know
exactly the front line
if it’s outside the city in front of Ukraine That
is, how it stands with its back Yes, let’s say
again look like this as you say here and
Donetsk Russian  troops ukrainian
ukrainian russian army shoots at
ukrainian kills someone from peaceful
marinka
kills someone peaceful in Donetsk who
is to blame for this to
me why both look before the
Russian army came here
no one died just like in Stalingrad
Soviet troops shoot and German  14
, also Russian Russian Yes
, the occupation of Crimea began, the occupation of a part
I understand you, I also understood such a question,
namely, residents of the Donetsk region of
Luhansk What do you think, what do you think,
they want Russian
Ukraine was in Ukrainian, they live on
Ukrainian territory, who wanted to
leave Russia  to Russia
Well, I understood part of you see a huge
number of several million people
halo to the territory controlled by Ukraine even after 14 years in Kharkiv Kyiv But why are we now talking in chat roulette let's say they come across There people from Donetsk from the Lugansk region are not so happy look people who support Ukraine Let's think about a person who supports Ukraine so now is in In Donetsk, he will tell you publicly that he supports Ukraine, I think to him, yes, anyway, look from the age of 14 they did these tortures to prison isolation of everyone who publicly spoke out for Ukraine, they threw everyone in the basement, they killed us, it all started like this, that is, Let's take a deputy Gorlovka City Council Rybak was killed during the first days of the occupation because he raised the Ukrainian flag back, which everyone started on April 12, 2014 Rybak April 12, 2014 military operations on the territory of the Donetsk Luhansk region  Asti was not there
That is, it turns out until Russia
came in to kill people here to seize
cities everything was calm Russia will leave and
everything will be calm Everything will live peacefully
, look when how Look when in the
fourteenth year they captured Slavyansk in
Slavic, our shots were fired from
Slavyansk Holy Slavic liberated
Slavic Nobody  didn’t shoot anyone Super
true
I understand I understand you still can question Yes,
you can allow
Well, let’s say, let’s
say now America will stop
let’s supply you
with weapons from what the hell and we need to stop let’s say
Yes, well, let’s say So, how’s yours Well,
if they stop supplying us, yes, we’re
ass  will And that Well, you won’t stop in
that and the joke is true,
but I just heard that there is some kind of
disagreement, like Zelensky has with this and
for And for this, he was
invited to Congress, yes, like, to
publicly highlight even more  no,
just here Let's have a story
Well, I don’t really know exactly
what year is there what date is
now ska  I live the country
[music]
but in Chechnya, America supported Chechnya, let's say
no Who held NATO How it should be
in Chechnya No, I don't know, but they were also
sponsored correctly
or almost sponsored, if you
tell me, maybe there are some facts, I
'll look, yes
Maybe there  NATO aircraft and equipment
may be Well, then the United States, then I recently
watched a movie
called I don’t
remember why America should stop
giving us weapons and vice versa, it’s good that
Russia has nightmares so
Well, I’m profitable for her right Well, like there
was such a wino like you know with nuclear
weapons here  they hit him with super stars
Well, I wouldn’t say that Well, look, come on
, that is, on February 24 there was still an illusion
that Russia was a powerful power there, so
now all Western analysts are all
neighing the military in short before Russia has already
concentrated there I’m not a military
specialist, I think so analytics
further, the old tanks are being conserved already
there, these miserable ones there T62
Russia fought differently if yes. Now,
if I were like a schoolboy when I
think  l if it’s shorter, there are
eleventh-graders And if I were shorter
, well, cooler, I would give him a short blow in the face
about this
there was no such thing, I will
say. So America gave us a small
part of the
type or Hymars, even if America
fought with Russia. She took out Russia in
two days,
two or three days.
can’t do anything with equipment
No, it’s unlikely they do it
If you are for America It’s like That’s a
drunk It’s just that no one wants to
mess with him they gave
such America they would have captured us long ago
because why do we have resources And now
where do your resources go
where did they go where did your resources go all
these years
tell me where I don’t know where
Ukraine went
riddle Yes a riddle about resources For
example you have such a huge country with
riches diamonds are evil  otto oil gas So
you sell everything to Europe in short, there is still
no gas there yes Well, why does a guy in the Czech Republic
live better than a guy in Novorossiysk
if the Czech Republic does not have a small country without
resources, it still buys resources from Russia,
pays it Yes, where does
the money from all energy resources go there
but our big Well, yes, that's where
Look, Russia sold it to Europe It sold it to all of
Europe Gas Oil got a
bunch of dough where
did these money
go where do you think people live so badly in our country
I just asked a question Where did
it go but where are your grandmothers you say
America wants to capture you there, but
it still wants to, but it is
afraid of this, I’m sure Once again, come on, so
where to capture your resources, as I
understand it,
capture your oil so that the oil does not go to
you specifically to America, but to whom
the oil money goes to you now
Well, to whom the president  and that is, it turns out
now that all the money from oil and gas goes to the
president. And if America seized so that
America Yes, as I understand it,
and who are you in this
formula  o Well, you are in this oil distribution formula
who
I am an ordinary mortal sucker
yes Well, in any state
you support the same thing there
you pay taxes to whom the green
state
has civil society for this
there are law enforcement agencies Yes, in
some countries you are more successful than some
less successfully You get it Just me
It's always interesting that people in Russia
support the war because America
wants to take their resources from them But when I
say
they don't belong, they belong to the
president
Well, as I understand it, that's why this is all
happening Now this war is in the
first place Well, it's like the President says
that there are Nazis But this  I say as he
says then it’s the security of Russia
and
what the hell To take back our
lands again look let’s talk about it No I want it
all the same you support yours You’re
even ready like if your wife lets me
go to the military registration and enlistment office after the
weekend Yes after the New Year  So you
say America before wants to seize your
resources but you understand I'm not saying  what
I say you say
in three days, I think it’s unlikely If you want
to capture in three days
what she wants resources
I just don’t agree
I generally say that I
missed three days at all What do you think
America wants to seize Russia
I don’t know I understand everything I speak for  what
you say in three days, I say,
let's say, here are the resources, after all. It
turns out that I understood correctly from our
conversation that you have huge
resources, they are sold to all of Europe,
millions of people, all these grandmothers are deposited
somewhere with some
presidents No, no  only people to have
a child, let's say
they
give us money, let's say for a child for two
even more How much for a child
is 10 thousand dollars,
then now my mother
gets 4 children, let's say
and she was given money, I don't know how much exactly
and land and some other  allowances,
that is, well, Russia is big, as far as
people here it was
given for a birth, like there is about 5000
dollars and everything is like yes
Well, like they gave some money for a birth
every month
Sk  only people are born in Russia like this And
how much money from the sale of gas And where
does everything else go,
that is, money is given for the army
, he says money is allocated,
it’s just that I’m telling you for the army and
someone there, something like stirs up, is
selling it is no longer the state  the state
fulfills its role in this regard, but these
people, you understand, they are always greedy people,
there are greedy people who
So maybe then it’s better not to go to fight in
Ukraine, but to deal with your greedy
people so that they tear out no less so that
you get more in the kindergarten at school
, let’s say the president will tell you
For example, the ecumenical Ukraine, let’s say, it
was necessary to take Crimea by military means, they
collected
it in the same way, we were told ourselves We do
you came, captured Crimea in the fourteenth
year, and, like, are ready to hold it
For the sake of what,
but I think I don’t know anything concrete,
but my guess is why you need it How
listen to a citizen who does not get anything from oil, let's say this is
strategic good, this is an
island, let's say  for war let's say
We are going to fight
it's generally Russia's security with whom
that's who we're at as I don't know yet
maybe Well who should attack you
Russia you have nuclear weapons who should
attack you
So what's the difference I make weapons will
fight last  Well, who
should attack you who is a potential enemy
Ukraine, let's say you You called us attacked in the
fourteenth year Well,
let's say we thought that you would attack, we
attacked first Well, let's say I don't know
You need everything And suddenly look shorter And
suddenly now the Turks are shorter there through
Bosphorus, I’ll do something, I need
to capture the Bosphorus And suddenly it’s shorter, and suddenly And suddenly
, suddenly I need to capture everything Well, not everything is
fine,
go to the military registration and enlistment office after the New Year,
because there you talk about the package further chip
about Lada As I understand it, in Russia they give out
money like at the birth of a child  and at
death,
if you earn Mom’s white Lada,
let’s all be
Russian slaves, it’s just shorter,
some kind of such slaves, I understand, yes,
if people t
am something in the state, they now understand that they are
not citizens, I just do
n’t influence anything at all, I steal all this money
America, in short, wants to seize up to our
resources